docs: remove API Reference overview pages, fold into endpoints (#389)
DeepLcom/api-docs: api-reference/multilingual-glossaries/create-a-glossary.mdx

---
openapi: post /v3/glossaries
title: "Create a glossary"

> description: "Create a multilingual glossary containing one or more language-pair dictionaries using the v3 endpoint."

Author: **Frontmatter description references 'v3 endpoint' unnecessarily**

The description 'Create a multilingual glossary containing one or more language-pair dictionaries using the v3 endpoint' is weakly action-oriented and includes an implementation detail ('v3 endpoint') that belongs in the body, not the description. It should describe what the developer accomplishes, not the mechanism.

```suggestion
description: "Create a multilingual glossary with one or more language-pair dictionaries, each mapping source phrases to target phrases."
```
